Update upgrade (#8985)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/fusion-upgrade.md

### Assign upgrade access (optional)

> The <Constant name="fusion" /> upgrade assistant is controlled by two account-level settings. An account admin must first enable the readiness experience, and can optionally restrict which users can execute the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="fusion" /> upgrade assistant is controlled by two account-level settings. An [account admin](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin) must first enable the readiness experience, and can optionally restrict which users can execute the upgrade.
```

#### Enable the Fusion readiness experience

The upgrade assistant and readiness panel only appear after an account admin enables this setting:

1. Navigate to **Account settings** → **Account**.
2. Click **Edit** and scroll to the **Settings** section.

> 3. Click the checkbox next to **Enable Fusion readiness & upgrade features**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the checkbox next to **Enable Fusion readiness & upgrade features**.
```

4. Click **Save**.

Once enabled, all users can see the readiness panel and the **Start Fusion upgrade** assistant (subject to their existing permissions).

> #### Restrict who can execute upgrades (optional, Enterprise only)

Reviewer: Similar to above, maybe add add a lifecycle pill, some sort of note advising users this is available for enterprise and enterprise + customers

By default, any user who can see the upgrade assistant can use it. To restrict upgrade execution to designated users:

1. In **Account settings** → **Account**, click **Edit**.

> 2. Click the checkbox next to **Enable restricted Fusion upgrade permissions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the checkbox next to **Enable restricted Fusion upgrade permissions**.
```

:::tip Dropped tables and views

> If using state-aware orchestration, dbt doesn't detect a change if a table or view is dropped outside of dbt, as the cache is unique to each dbt platform environment. This means state-aware orchestration will not rebuild that model until either there is new data or a change in the code that the model uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use state-aware orchestration, dbt does not detect changes when a table or view is dropped outside of dbt because the cache is unique to each dbt platform environment. As a result, state-aware orchestration does not rebuild that model until there is new data or a code change in the model.
```

Author: Going to split the difference here, some good suggestions @nataliefiann but we lean towards using contractions whenever. possible

> If using state-aware orchestration, dbt doesn't detect a change if a table or view is dropped outside of dbt, as the cache is unique to each dbt platform environment. This means state-aware orchestration will not rebuild that model until either there is new data or a change in the code that the model uses.

Author: ```suggestion
If you use state-aware orchestration, dbt doesn't detect changes when a table or view is dropped outside of dbt because the cache is unique to each dbt platform environment. As a result, state-aware orchestration won't rebuild that model until there is new data or a code change in the model.
```
